man I want to follow me ever may be
fucking kidding me man the monetary real
man oh man hello what's today's David
29min man we've been gone for weeks
hell is undergoing Jim
is this I don't know me but I'm this
piece anyway I made 29 mate when I'm
Nick up she's gonna party Friday made 29
and she on the rec real your shattered
my real graduation part of the kill cam
in a samimi Sosa Bhima Cena sorry get a
name home we don't know you anyway all
the single ladies that's coming you know
ladies get in free until 11 as close to
10 starts at ten look at me you know I
love dick I'm like we're always there
I'm just saying man I had to free my
willy soon and shit I'm looking for a
new ocean cuz i'm down to swim damn
anyway once again party friday may 29th
ladies in before 11 of regulations to
kill Kim in trouble with cereal miss
but uh I'm just saying they were
positive things for positive people you
know and make things happen oh I check
out the music was my man cheese my digs
out my dick out brother you copy live
going back to the cone um anybody who's
trying to do a little performing in our
paws with shit you know what he talks
bullshit walks it was up man hit is up
and pulled apart and I turned on him
shout out to track me listen DJ up was
an iceberg he from eeping the shop Andy
a curse milf see drones nasty can he be
happening Michaela I can't see shit help
baby
Oh Eureka Tanya Lisa your mom and knew I
get daddy anyway no coming web shirts on
sale everyone shirts on sale all pink
medium and large for the ladies please
hit us up with you want him and on
niggas going where basically no shit
then you can win for your man so you can
lamp to the plug shit you can wear for
me anyway man we got to get cab because
I don't know whose cars is I'm not
riding in this shit and I don't want to
go to jail man so until we see on friday
29 pasa